Docs/improve seo (#256)
iotaledger/stronghold.rs: documentation/docs/retrospective.md

---

> description: This document will detail the development of the Stronghold Engine library for IOTA's Stronghold project, touching upon different revisions and the lessons that were learnt from them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: History behind the development of the Stronghold Engine library that reflects upon previous revisions and the lessons learnt.
```

image: /img/logo/Stronghold_icon.png
keywords:

> - crate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- development
- history
- crate
```
